Product image sub component (#945)
vtex-apps/store-components: docs/ProductImages.md

| `imageSizes` | `[number]` | Image size(s) (in `px`) to be used in the image's [`srcset` HTML attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Responsive_images). If no value is passed to this prop, the `srcset` will use the image original size.  | `undefined` |
| `maxSize` | `number` | Image maximum size (in `px`) for rendering regardless of the screen size. Notice that this prop only works if you also declare the `imageSizes` prop. | `4096` |

> you also can wrap main slider with another layout app, this can be useful when you will pass a float badge over image. Main slider is exported by `product-images.main-swiper`. Here a implementation example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also can wrap the main slider with another layout app, this can be useful when you will pass a floating badge over the image. The main slider is exported by `product-images.main-swiper`. Here an implementation example:
```

```jsonc
{
  "product-images": {
    "children": [
      "flex-layout.col#productImageMain"
    ],
    "props": {
      "aspectRatio": {
        "desktop": "1:1",
        "phone": "1:1"
      },
      "displayThumbnailsArrows": true,
      "maxHeight": 445,
      "showPaginationDots": false,
      "zoomMode": "in-place-hover",
      "thumbnailMaxHeight": 84,
      "thumbnailAspectRatio": "1:1"
    }
  },
  "flex-layout.col#productImageMain": {
    "children": [
      "stack-layout#productImageMain"
    ],
    "props": {
      "preventVerticalStretch": true,
      "verticalAlign": "middle"
    }
  },
  "stack-layout#productImageMain": {
    "props": {
      "blockClass": "product"
    },
    "children": [

>       "product-images.main-swiper",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      "product-images-swiper",
```

| `imageSizes` | `[number]` | Image size(s) (in `px`) to be used in the image's [`srcset` HTML attribute](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Responsive_images). If no value is passed to this prop, the `srcset` will use the image original size.  | `undefined` |
| `maxSize` | `number` | Image maximum size (in `px`) for rendering regardless of the screen size. Notice that this prop only works if you also declare the `imageSizes` prop. | `4096` |

> You also can wrap the main slider with another layout app, this can be useful when you will pass a floating badge over the image. The main slider is exported by `product-images.main-swiper`. Here an implementation example:

Reviewer 3: Adding this part to the advanced configuration section is a good alternative @IncognitaDev . My suggestions are related to how we present the information in the documentation. 

In the introduction of the advanced configuration section, we only mention using modal zoom, and I believe the `product-images.main-swiper` is worth mention and also a subcategory for it as well. 

In the `advanced configuration` first paragraph, I would present what the person will see in this section, and then I would add two sub-sections: one for modal zoom and another for wrapping main slider.

Author: Sorry, I see that you already make some changes, is there any change that still needs to be done?

Reviewer 3: No worries! LGTM 🚀
